# Shake

A handy tool for managing internal scripts. Shake creates a CLI for running internal
scripts in your project, with autocomplete support. It is not a not shell scripting 
language. Instead, it manages your shell scripts and Makefiles and lets you run them as 
if they were a CLI specific to your project.

Shake is like a CLI frontend with a Shell scripts/Makefile backend.

**Sh**ell + M**ake** = **Shake**.


## Usage

Shake auto generates a CLI for each folder of your project 

```shell
shake init
shake new <command> --shell --path <path>
```

The CLI will guide you through specifying the number and types of arguments to the 
command. Once done, Shake will generate a new shell script at the specified `path` with
autogenerated code to validate the input arguments. You can then implement the shell 
script in the shake-body function. 


### Running a command

You can now run the command above from the folder you generated it in using:

```shell
shake <command> <arg1> <arg2>
```

If you want to execute the command natively with shell instead of shake, you can use the 
`--executable` flag while creating the new command.

```shell
shake new <command> --shell --executable --path <path>
```

Or make an existing command executable using:

```shell
shake update --executable
```


## Motivation

Make file are great because they give you a target to run a specific take. However, they
have really limited/suboptimal support for passing and validating command line arguments.
Shell scripts on the other hand are incredibly expressive but have an abstruse syntax, 
and are a pain to write CLIs in. 

The goal of Shake is to provide a tool for managing your Makefiles and shell scripts while
maintaining the ability to run the scripts with the ubiquitous availability of Make and Shell. 

## Goals

- You should be able to run the resulting scripts wherever you'd normally expect to run 
  shell scripts i.e. maintaining wide support.
- Discoverability: A user should be able to discover what command they can run and get
  help on each command.
- Minimal new UX: should work from within existing workflows.